Port image docs updates from beta docs. (#43266)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md

description: Next.js supports built-in image optimization, as well as third party loaders for Imgix, Cloudinary, and more! Learn more here.
---

> # Optimizing Images

Reviewer: Can we call this title `Image Optimization` which is how we talk about this feature everywhere else?

- **Size Optimization:** Automatically serve correctly sized images for each device, using modern image formats like WebP and AVIF.
- **Visual Stability:** Prevent [layout shift](https://nextjs.org/learn/seo/web-performance/cls) automatically when images are loading.
- **Faster Page Loads:** Images are only loaded when they enter the viewport using native browser lazy loading, with optional blur-up placeholders.

Some of the optimizations built into the Image component include:

- **Improved Performance:** Always serve correctly sized image for each device, using modern image formats
- **Visual Stability:** Prevent [Cumulative Layout Shift](https://nextjs.org/learn/seo/web-performance/cls) automatically
- **Faster Page Loads:** Images are only loaded when they enter the viewport, with optional blur-up placeholders

> - **Asset Flexibility:** On-demand image resizing, even for images stored on remote servers

Reviewer: Lets keep "on-demand" and "remote" since those are important features

    <Image
      src={profilePic}
      alt="Picture of the author"
      // width={500} automatically provided
      // height={500} automatically provided
      // blurDataURL="data:..." automatically provided
      // placeholder="blur" // Optional blur-up while loading
    />
  )
}
```

> **Warning:** Dynamic `await import()` or `require()` are _not_ supported. The `import` must be static so it can be analyzed at build time.

### Remote Images

To use a remote image, the `src` property should be a URL string, which can be [relative](/docs/api-reference/next/image.md#loader) or [absolute](/docs/api-reference/next/image.md#remotepatterns).

Since Next.js does not have access to remote files during the build process, you'll need to provide the [`width`](/docs/api-reference/next/image.md#width), [`height`](/docs/api-reference/next/image.md#height) and optional [`blurDataURL`](/docs/api-reference/next/image.md#blurdataurl) props manually:

```jsx
import Image from 'next/image'

export default function Page() {
  return (
    <Image
      src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/my-bucket/profile.png"
      alt="Picture of the author"
      width={500}
      height={500}
    />
  )
}
```

> Next, define a list of supported URL patterns you want to allow optimizing images from. Be as specific as possible to prevent malicious usage. For example, the following configuration will only allow images from a specific AWS S3 bucket:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, define a list of remote URL patterns you want to allow optimizing images from. Be as specific as possible to prevent malicious usage. For example, the following configuration will only allow images from a specific AWS S3 bucket:
```
